hello guys well found in this
new video by iphoneitalia.com
today we show you touchpad for ios state
that is one of the first keyboards for ios
October
hello guys well found like you
I was saying today let's take a look
quick touchpad preview for ios 8
is one of the first keyboards for iphone
one of the first different external keyboards
from the original one a keyboard
predictive with swipe input done a lot
very well
but before seeing the keyboard itself
let's understand how it is possible
install it currently on iphone
then given that for now these keyboards
are not yet available
officially for download for
currently the current beta we are
seeing in this video was
downloaded via three sprites which is the
service that many developers
use to test their apps
applications and keyboards clearly for
test this keyboard or others for ios
8 must be invited by
software developers to test
precisely the project on test flight
in any case after downloading the
first safari beta you install it as
any other application
tried to on test drive gets installed
this application practically empty
without any particular reference but
moving to general settings
keyboards we can activate a new one
keyboard that just touch board boxes
that I had already activated in case
has not yet been activated
you will find in this menu once
in short, you can select it
via the classic keyboard menu
then pressing on the image of the globe
terrestrial
you can change between the keyboards of
ios 8 default and external ones between
whose touch will surely figure
shoulders touchpad function exactly
like the original ios 8 keyboard with
this interesting addition that precisely
swipe by scrolling from a letter
to the other in sequences we can therefore
type our text and then enter it
in this way as you see not touchpad
is a keyboard that inserts
automatically text in the field of
insertion but after typing
in short, with this particular method
we will have to use the suggestions for
enter the text at the same time
we can always type in a way
classic then pressing the but keys
however it will always be necessary
use the suggestions above for
confirm text entry
within the
field in which we are just typing
for this reason it is necessary without
doubt a few days to get used to
touchpad
especially as it now works
still only in English then one
keyboard that no doubt
currently in the current beta requires
really much patience to become
practice however the swipe a very function
interesting for example it is learned
easily in use e
especially in the long run it becomes
actually convenient and quick to type
in this way I noticed that the keyboard
still acquires a few words
Italian maybe if you've already acquired it
forcibly in the dictionary of ios ad
example if you use the keyboard often
English and type words in Italian
however, in any case, at the moment it is not
it is clearly a keyboard to use
for chats in Italian besides the swipe
and the touchpad predictive keyboard
allows you to enter these numbers
quickly simply by pressing on
cursus from w on and on r on t
etc. and dragging upwards way
very convenient to enter numbers without
use the numerical space of the
keyboard that as we will see is not
very comfortable even for
other letters like zb nm that there
allow you to insert the brooder of
question mark exclamation point e
also the colon
by pressing the numbers button instead
as I told you, you have access to
punctuation screen of
touchpad that I honestly don't like
so much for how we got it
also other number sections of the faces
pre-packaged and many other options
which honestly I didn't find much
useful guys i am using this
keyboard for my conversations in
English clearly has me already
said use in Italian is a lot
difficult I'm getting used to is me
willing honestly even if then to
end as practicality of use perhaps while
we walk while we are at the wheel
when you don't have to type it though
let's make
perhaps it is not convenient to use
this type of keyboard
especially as for typing with
the swipe we need to keep
the phone with one hand or in
this case leaning against a dock and with
the other hand we have to scroll on
so screen is definitely not one
comfortable solution if used
phone with one hand
well guys this was our fast
preview of touchpad for aie spots
let me know what you think of it
keyboard in general of the arrival of the
custom keyboards on ios ott
and we, as usual, hear from the
next video
Hello everyone from Andrea Cervone for
iphoneitalia.com if you liked this
video click I like to share it on
facebook and subscribe to the channel if not
you've already done these three things
help to grow and improve for
always offer new dedicated videos
to the apple iphone